Describe the returns attributes creation process (#1412)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/attributes-returns.md

1. In the upper-right corner, click **Add New Attribute**.

![New Return - attribute properties]({% link images/images/attribute-returns-new-properties.png %}){: .zoom}
_New Return Attribute_

1. To identify the attribute during data entry set the **Default Label**.

1. Enter an **Attribute Code** to identify the attribute within the system.

1. To determine the type of input control that is used for data entry, set **Input Type** to one of the following:

    - Text Field
    - Text Area
    - Dropdown
    - Yes/No
    - File
    - Image File

1. To make the field required, set **Values Required** to `Yes`.

1. To assign an initial value to the field, enter a **Default Value**.

1. To check the data entered into the field for accuracy before the record is saved, set **Input Validation** to one of the following:

    - None
    - Alphanumeric
    - Alphanumeric with Space
    - Numeric Only
    - Alpha Only
    - URL
    - Email

> 1. To limit the size of Text Field and Text Area input types, enter the **Minimum Text Length** and **Maximum Text Length**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For the Text Field and Text Area input types, enter the **Minimum Text Length** and **Maximum Text Length**.
```

> 1. To apply a preprocessing filter set Input/Output Filter to one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To apply a preprocessing filter, set **Input/Output Filter** to one of the following:
```

    - None
    - Strip HTML Tags
    - Escape  HTML Entities

1. To make the attribute visible to customers, set **Show on Storefront** to Yes in the **Storefront Properties** block.

1. For **Sort Order**, enter a number to determine the rating with other attributes.

### Manage the Labels/Options

> 1. In the left panel, choose Manage Labels/Options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the left panel, choose **Manage Labels/Options**.
```
